Install python3 and python3-pip using the package manager of the Linux Distribution.
Note that in order to avoid potential conflicts with other packages it is strongly recommended to use a virtual environment, e.g. python3 virtualenv (see python3 virtualenv documentation) or conda environments.
Using an isolated environment makes possible to install a specific version of scikit-learn and its dependencies independently of any previously installed Python packages. 
In particular under Linux is it discouraged to install pip packages alongside the packages managed by the package manager of the distribution (apt, dnf, pacman…).
Note that you should always remember to activate the environment of your choice prior to running any Python command whenever you start a new terminal session.
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960.
The group, whose best-known line-up comprised John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, are regarded as the most influential band of all time.
They were integral to the development of 1960s counterculture and popular music's recognition as an art form.
Rooted in skiffle, beat and 1950s rock and roll, their sound incorporated elements of classical music and traditional pop in innovative ways; the band later explored music styles ranging from ballads and Indian music to psychedelia and hard rock. 
As pioneers in recording, songwriting and artistic presentation, the Beatles revolutionised many aspects of the music industry and were often publicised as leaders of the era's youth and sociocultural movements.
The coin is part of a series designed by Anthony Giannini, chairman of the White House Gift Shop.
He described the COVID-19 coin as the last in a series illustrating "President Trump's ascendance over and defeat of the deadly COVID pandemic virus."
“When we heard the sad news of President Trump's positive COVID test, once again we had faith and prayed but we knew our President would find a way to Knockout COVID in early rounds of this battle,” Giannini wrote. 
“President Trump, as you know, is a fan of boxing, and the new design includes more than a hint of superhero qualities in history's most fascinating president.”
The commemorative coin went on sale before the president was released from the hospital.